NARRATOR:
Previously onWhy Women Kill...
I've been accepted
into the Garden Club.
You shouldn't be here.
I was invited.
I-I'm the new member.
No, we-we voted.
Oh, dear.
I am so terribly sorry
for the mix-up.
Rita deliberately
humiliated me today.
DEE:
Is that Rita?
-Do you know her?
-What Rita did--
it's not 'cause she hates you.
-It's 'cause she hates me.
-[both panting]
MAN:
Good morning, it's Dr. Rice.
Are you aware you're pregnant?
I'm his girl.
-Is that so?
-Yeah.
You murdered 26 people?!
You've got to stop this madness.
Promise me.
I think this
is what Alma was
-talking to me about.
-Listen to her.
Why are you so anxious to spend
time with an old lady like me?
You're a dame who doesn't know
how beautiful she is.
CATHERINE: Oh, Papa, you must
be getting your strength back.
ISABEL: I think he's
pointing at something.
RITA:
He couldn't possibly.
CATHERINE:
Is there something on the board?
Oh! Ah!
ALMA: You can trust me
with your secrets.
You and Scooter.
No one will hear a word
about it from me.
RITA: Threaten me again,
and this will be your family.
[gasps]
[engine starts]
NARRATOR:
From the moment Alma Fillcot
decided to join
the Elysian Park Garden Club,
she began to change.
But her husband
was completely oblivious
to her stylish transformation.
He had no idea
she'd begun to polish her nails.
He had not noticed how elegantly
she was wearing her hair.
And he paid no attention
to her new shade of lipstick.
It was unfortunate.
If Bertram had noticed
these changes in Alma...
he might have been prepared
for what happened next.
Shall I take you
straight to the clinic?
Yes, yes.
I have an early appointment.
Hmm. Very well.
Since we have a moment,
there is something
that I would like to discuss.
Well, what's that?
-Your little hobby.
-Ah.
-Hmm.
-That's funny.
'Cause I've been doing
some thinking about that myself.
You know,
I regret some of the words
that I've hurled at you
in the last few weeks.
Sick, psychopathic, demented.
You were only trying
to alleviate the suffering
of some people
who were already dying.
I see now that you're a hero.
[stammers]
I'm con... I'm confused.
I couldn't comprehend it before
because I didn't know
any of those people.
But now I understand,
because I'm aware of someone
who is desperately in need
of the kind of help
that only you can supply.
Wh... What are you saying?
[stammers] There's someone
that you want me to...
Oh, yes.
And you'd be doing God's work,
my love.
My hero.
Who exactly
are we talking about?
You know Rita Castillo?
She came to our house
with the Garden Club?
Yes. Yes, I treat her cat.
-Mm-hmm.
-Is she ill?
Oh, no.
No, but, um...
she has a husband.
His name is Carlo and...
he's in so much pain.
NARRATOR: Yes, Alma Fillcot
had truly changed.
But by the time
her husband could see it...
it was too late.
♪
At the exact same moment
Alma Fillcot was asking her
husband to kill Carlo Castillo,
his wife was doing some
diabolical plotting of her own.
[phone rings]
Phone for you, Mrs. Castillo.
-Hello?
-Hey, gorgeous.
-It's me.
-It's about time you called.
How'd your date go
with you know who?
-Swell, if I do say so myself.
-Good.
Because I need you
to screw her... tonight.
Tonight?
Carlo is starting
to communicate.
He even tried to warn Catherine
about you.
I need that compromising photo
as soon as possible.
She's a church-going spinster.
She's not going put out
on the second date.
Well, then get her drunk.
Tell her you love her.
I don't care how you do it,
just...
[chuckles]
Just, just make it happen.
Goodbye.
You ended that call
awfully fast.
Who was it?
Your secret lover?
For a woman who dresses
like a nun,
you certainly have
a filthy mind.
[phone rings]
Hello?
Oh.
It's for you.
-Hello?
-Hey, Catherine. It's me.
You got any plans tonight?
I thought maybe
we could grab some dinner.
It would be lovely to see you,
but I'm busy tonight.
[stammers]
What about tomorrow night?
You can't say no to that.
It's, uh... my birthday?
Well...
I-I don't want you
to be alone on your birthday.
So, shall we say 6:00?
It's a date.
BERTRAM:
Are you serious?
You really want me
to kill Carlo Castillo?
I-I want you to help him.
Isn't that the term you prefer?
Yes, and every time I've used
it, you've corrected me.
So, what's changed?
Well, I saw him for myself.
He can't move or...
feed himself or bathe.
When did you see him?
Last night, at Rita's.
Sounds like
you two have grown close.
Oh, yes.
She's become a good chum.
Did she get you
into the Garden Club?
Rita tried.
The other ladies
voted for Ada Coy.
Ah, Alma.
-I'm so sorry.
-It's fine.
I only wanted to get in
so that I could make some new
friends, and now I have.
Rita's really gone
out of her way to be kind to me,
even while dealing
with a crippled husband.
Did she come to you about this?
Why would she?
It's not as if I go around
advertising your services.
So... you'll help him?
Alma.
While I was away on my trip,
I had a bit of an epiphany.
An epiphany?
I realized I'd only been ending
the suffering of others
to ease my own pain.
My actions were more selfish
than merciful.
So I vowed
to never do it again.
And you won't.
After you help Carlo,
you'll put away
your trusty syringes forever.
I'm sorry, Alma.
The answer is no.
I should go.
Bertram!
We're not done discussing this.
Alma, my mind is made up.
There's nothing you can do
to change it.
[sighs]
Hey, Dee.
Hey. Thanks for meeting me.
Come here.
I-Is something wrong?
Is everything all right?
You sounded so strange
on the phone.
Yeah.
I've gotten myself
into a situation.
Okay, well, we-we can
go somewhere and we can
-talk about it, right?
-Oh, I can't.
And I'm really sorry
to spring this on you.
I, I like you so much.
More than you know, but...
...we can't see
each other anymore.
Why not?
I can't say.
Did I do something?
Oh, God, no.
This has nothing
to do with you. I promise.
Well, whatever it is,
we-we can talk about it.
Like we always do.
You're such a good guy, Vern.
And I think you deserve
all the happiness in the world.
Wait, Dee.
Dee!
Oh, hello there.
Hey, Grace.
What a surprise.
What is going on?
Oh, I...
just thought my garden
could use a little spiffing up.
Oh, yeah, well, I understand.
New projects help us take
our minds off our troubles.
Oh. Well, that's not the only
new project I'm working on.
Hmm?
Believe you me. Tea?
I still don't know why Rita
treated you so badly.
I asked all the ladies
in the club
if they knew something I didn't.
Any theories?
No.
But she's always been
a very unhappy person.
-Mm.
-Not surprised,
-given who she's married to.
-What does that mean?
Apparently,
Carlo was something of an ogre.
Before he had the stroke,
he used to beat Rita.
-That is just awful.
-Mm-hmm.
Please... go on.
Look at that.
It's been ages
since you baked a cherry pie.
Yes, well,
I wanted to do something special
to apologize for this morning.
Oh, when you asked me
to help Carlo?
Yes.
You see, I-I wasn't
completely honest with you.
I held back
some important details.
That was wrong of me. I'm sorry.
What details
are you referring to?
Well...
the truth is,
I don't care about Carlo at all.
In fact, I think he deserves
every bit of pain that he's in.
Well, if that's the way
you feel,
why would you want me
to hasten his death?
Because I care about Rita.
Oh, Bertie.
Carlo is an awful man.
He used to beat her. Savagely.
Rita wept when she spoke
of his cruelty.
That's horrible.
Thank God
he can't hurt her anymore.
Yes, but now she has
to take care of him.
And can you imagine?
Being forced to nurse
your tormentor?
She's so unhappy.
Drinking and neglecting
her own health.
I fear that she might die
before Carlo does.
That poor woman.
But you could help her.
Oh, Bertram.
You want to. I know you do.
You can't ignore
that kind of suffering.
All I'm asking for
is one final act of mercy.
Please.
Save my friend.
All right.
I'll do it.
Oh...
Bless you, Bertie. [giggling]
You know what would be nice
on this pie?
-Some ice cream.
-Mm.
-Sounds delicious.
-Doesn't it?
Mmm.
Are you glad to be back?
You know I am.
Ah, hey, look.
It's our old pal Mr. Murphy.
Oh.
I forgot there was a fire escape
here. [gasps]
This is the perfect place
for my photographer to hide.
I hope he's patient.
It's going to take
a lot of booze during dinner
to get Catherine back here
for dessert.
You may want
to knock a few back yourself.
You'll have to be drunk
to jump those old bones.
She's not so bad.
Excuse me?
Oh, I thought she was
an old pickle-puss at first,
but once
she lets her guard down,
she's actually got
a really nice smile.
And she's only... what?
Five years older than you?
You know...
this seduction doesn't have
to end in consummation.
Aw, I thought
that was the whole point.
No. The photo is the point.
Once Catherine is naked
and on her back,
you'll have hit the high note.
No need to sing
the entire opera.
You're jealous.
Of her?
Don't be preposterous.
You know, I have missed
this old murphy bed.
What do you say
we rechristen it?
Why? So I have nothing left
in the tank for Catherine?
How devious do you think I am?
You've been to the gym
this morning, haven't you?
Oh, what gave it away,
the muscles?
[chuckles]
No, the smell.
You need a shower.
Oh.
Well, give me five.
And-and keep the motor running.
[chuckles]
[sputters]
[door closes]
You the manager here?
I'm looking for a guy
who lived in 3B.
I thought maybe he left
a forwarding address
where he can be reached.
You talking about Scooter?
He moved back in this morning.
He did?
Oh. Ah.
Well, thanks.
[knock on door]
Oh, it's you.
Is Scooter here?
I thought you
were done with him.
Something's happened.
And it's very important
I speak to him.
Please.
Oh, my God. You're pregnant.
You can tell?
Oh, it's all over your face.
That and some
fairly cheap makeup.
Nice.
Oh, before I forget, I have
a message for you from my mom.
You get all that?
Or do I need to repeat it?
You know what?
I'll come back later
when Scoot can talk.
Are you, uh, sure
you want to tell him?
How can I not?
It's his baby.
Well, what are you hoping for?
That he'll tell you
he loves you?
Because he doesn't.
And what if he decides to do
the right thing and marry you?
You'd have two infants
to take care of instead of one.
Scooter is not ready
to be a father.
Or a husband.
Hell, he can barely cut it
as a boyfriend.
I do not want to marry Scooter.
But I don't got
a lot of choices here.
You'll think of something.
You're too smart
to let one stupid mistake
ruin the rest of your life.
Congrats.
He's all yours.
Thank you.
You know,
if you need some money...
[sighs]
Who was that at the door?
Just a door-to-door salesman.
What were they selling?
Nothing we need.
[moaning]
Mmm.
-Delicious.
-Hmm.
You made my cocoa
just the way I like it.
Thank you, my darling.
You're very welcome, Bertie.
Say, how are you
at housebreaking?
What's that?
You know,
picking locks and all that?
I think it's best
if you visit Carlo
late at night
when everyone's asleep.
But have you ever broken
into a locked house before?
Well, I mean, usually,
when I drop in on someone
to help them,
they just open the door.
Unless they're too ill
to get up,
and then I find a way in.
[both laughing]
You're so clever.
Now, it is a very,
very big house.
And so, I have made you a map.
Oh. Many is the time
I could have used one of these.
Yes. So, Carlo's room is here.
Up the stairs, take a right.
Last one on the left,
not the right.
-That's Rita's bedroom.
-Right.
Now, the front door is
very, very solid,
but if you come around the back,
there are French doors
that lead into the foyer.
-Is that easier?
-Oh, much.
Hmm. Now, will
you have to break the glass?
No. No. I can't leave any signs
of forced entry.
I'd just be asking
for an autopsy.
And if the police
did do an autopsy,
would they find the drug
that you use?
They'd have to be looking
for it.
And they wouldn't be
unless they suspected foul play.
-Hmm.
-And it's never happened.
[chuckles]
My record is spotless.
26 deaths, each ruled
to be by natural causes.
-That's quite an accomplishment.
-Oh, thank you, darling.
[both chuckle]
You know,
it seems odd getting compliments
for something I hid
from you for many years.
I think it's good
that I know these things.
Makes our marriage stronger.
Yes, it does.
-Yes.
-[both chuckle]
Mmm. Mmm.
You want me to photograph
your lover
screwing your stepdaughter?
If you try hard enough, you
can make anything sound sordid.
Boy, you are a piece of work.
This is completely justified.
That crone has had it in for me
since day one.
I have to fight back.
By using your own gigolo
as bait?
It's not like
he hasn't cheated on me before.
At least he won't get
this one pregnant.
Pregnant?
Remember that large girl
he was seeing?
She showed up at his place today
to give him the bad news.
[flicks lighter]
The... the waitress?
She's having a baby?
I convinced her
not to tell Scooter.
She's not so dumb that she can't
see he'd make a lousy father.
So, if you're not
going to take the photo,
can you refer someone who will?
Did I say I wouldn't do it?
You haven't even
made me an offer yet.
Oh.
So, your disgust can be overcome
for the right price?
Some days
money doesn't mean a lot to me.
Lucky for you,
this isn't one of them.
[doorbell rings]
That's it.
Open up and chew slowly.
[chuckles]
Catherine.
Your friend from
the dry cleaner is downstairs.
Thanks.
[grunts]
Do you want one more fry
before I leave, Papa?
What's wrong?
Are you full?
Why are you mad?
Because I'm going out
for dinner?
That's silly.
I need to start enjoying
my life.
You know, I'm not 23 anymore.
I'll vouch for that.
[scoffs]
I won't be too late.
I'll tuck you in
when I come home. Hmm?
She's going to have sex tonight.
With a man you don't approve of.
If you hadn't threatened
to disinherit her,
I wouldn't have anything
to blackmail her with.
But now I can scare her
all the way back to Texas.
And then it's just you and me.
Doesn't that sound like fun?
[chuckles]
I hear
this is their best chianti.
[chuckles]
But why buy the whole bottle?
We won't be able
to drink it all.
Oh, we got to try.
It's my birthday.
That's right.
I almost forgot.
-Oh, you got me a gift?
-Just a small token, really.
Those are real diamonds.
Catherine.
This is too expensive.
No.
Didn't cost me a cent.
I bought them years ago
for another man.
Do you like them?
I love them.
I'm so glad.
This is shaping up
to be my best birthday ever.
[giggles]
Oh.
So I don't get expensive gifts
for Papa anymore
because I know they're
going to end up going to Rita.
Now, that's your stepmother?
I guess you never liked her,
huh?
Well, actually,
we used to be friends,
right when she and Papa
got engaged.
She was nice back then.
But right after the wedding,
that's when Rita showed
her true colors.
-She wasn't so nice anymore?
-Mm.
No. You see...
Rita can be sweet as pie
as long as she needs you,
but once
she no longer needs you...
You're out on your ass.
I should powder my nose.
Excuse me.
You want to hurry it up, Romeo?
It's almost midnight.
You must be the guy Rita
hired to take the photo.
And I hope I'm doing my job half
as well as you're doing yours.
Excuse me?
I've been watching you work.
If I didn't already know
the plan,
I'd swear you had a yen
for that broad.
He left it
for Catherine to find.
Yeah.
She told him she'd check on him
when she gets home tonight.
I'm just glad
you found it first.
What are we going to do?
Well, we need to keep him away
from all lawyers
and condiments.
This is no joke.
I'm worried.
Once we have the photo,
Catherine will go back home.
Trust me.
She does not want
to be disinherited.
So, what if we get rid of her?
Carlo heard you with Scooter
the night he fell.
If he tells someone
he wants a divorce...
And how's he going to do that?
He can't talk.
For now.
What if he gets his voice back?
Wh-What, what if he gets
to a phone
when one of us isn't looking?
We might not know until a lawyer
shows up with divorce papers.
Then what?
Well, then I'm screwed.
Not just you.
If you lose your home,
I lose mine, too.
Let's not panic.
Once Catherine is gone,
it'll just be the three of us
in this house, and we
can watch him like a hawk.
Sedate him
if we have to.
Or...
...we can kill him.
Isabel.
We've gotten away
with it before.
Are you ready?
Why are you dressed like that?
Isn't it obvious?
I'm going with you.
No, no.
That wasn't part of the plan.
It's far too risky.
What's risky is sending you
into Rita's house
without a lookout.
I won't go inside.
I'll stay in the car
and keep watch, just in case.
Well, I suppose
that'll be all right.
Now, don't forget your coat.
It's chilly out.
We can't have you
catching your death.
What?
It's just nice to know that
you still worry about me.
Makes me feel
like we're back to normal.
Of course we're back to normal.
[chuckles]
I think I saw your coat
on a chair in the kitchen.
-Go get it.
-Yes.
[thunder rumbling]
-[bell jingles]
-Dee.
I've been meaning to call you.
How are you doing?
Everything okay?
Not really. You got a minute?
Look around.
I got all the time in the world.
What's up?
You remember last summer?
You told me about
your predicament.
Well...
It seems
I'm now in the same boat.
No.
[thunder rumbling]
Have you told your parents?
No.
I'm thinking maybe
they won't need to know.
If I do what you did.
Remember, I had no choice.
My folks would have disowned me.
And the guy I was seeing
was married, so...
Tell me about the place
you went.
St. Anne's?
It was nice.
They took good care of me.
What was it like?
When you gave birth?
The doctors gave me something
for the pain,
so it's a bit hazy.
I remember one of the nuns said
not to look at the baby
when it came out.
That it would be too painful.
But I looked anyway.
It was a boy.
He looked just like me.
I think.
They took him away so quick.
Do you know
what happened to him?
My little guy was adopted
by a family in Utah.
They got money,
a big house with a yard.
It makes me feel good
knowing he traded up.
Ever think about him?
What do you think?
But the good news is,
I graduate secretarial school
in May,
and my folks will be there
to cheer me on.
No. I made the right decision.
It's getting late.
I should go.
If you do decide
to go to St. Anne's,
can I give you some advice?
Sure.
Listen to the nuns.
Don't look at it.
[thunder rumbling]
I'm telling you, it's the
only way to protect yourself.
You don't think I've thought
about killing Carlo before?
I came this close to drowning
him in the tub last month.
Then why didn't you?
It's not worth the risk.
I say it is.
We shot Harry.
Look how that paid off.
Elysian Park is not Galveston.
And Carlo's not some violent
brute no one will miss.
I'm not saying we shoot him.
There are poisons we could buy.
Something undetectable.
Yeah, and if the police
get suspicious?
Then we run, like before.
-We change our names.
-No.
I don't want to change
my identity again.
I've spent the last ten years
perfecting this one.
[Isabel scoffs]
Ooh, God. My head is spinning.
Oh. You're drunk.
[laughing]
We're not going to solve this
tonight.
[chuckles]
We can talk about it tomorrow.
[thunder rumbling]
Just promise me,
no matter what happens,
you won't leave me.
I promise. I won't.
Good.
I love you, Isabel.
I love you too, cousin.
♪
BERTRAM: There's still
a light on upstairs.
That's Rita's dressing room.
Let's hope
she's not a night owl.
Are you hungry?
I brought us some snacks
and cocoa.
The taking of a human life
is a grave and sacred task.
It's not
a night at the drive-in.
This isn't frivolous.
You know how you get
when your blood sugar drops.
Yes. I'm sorry.
I'm a bit nervous about Carlo.
I'm just not sure
what his reaction will be.
He'll probably be a bit scared.
He might be a little bit
startled at first.
But, you know, you have
such a warm smile.
I'm sure
you'll put him right at ease.
Thank you, Alma.
I'm glad you're here
to tell me that.
Me, too.
Chocolate chip cookie?
Oh, go on then, just one.
[chuckles]
Yes.
I had a lovely evening, Scooter.
Oh, does it have to be over?
We could swing by my place
for a nightcap.
Oh, I had too much
to drink already.
I'm not sure I can trust myself.
Don't you trust me?
Even less.
It's been wonderful,
but I do think
you need to take me home now.
Ah...
Ah, hang on a sec.
I... I-I think
-I left something at the table.
-Okay.
Change of plans.
She wants me to take her home.
Are you calling it off?
What am I supposed to do?
Drag her back to my place?
Rita expects a photo
in the morning.
How do you think she'll react
if we don't deliver?
Oh, geez.
Okay.
Follow me back to Rita's place.
I'll try to get
something started there.
-♪
-[wind gusting]
It's off. Rita's light is off.
Here we go. Wish me luck.
Here. When you get
into Carlo's room,
just give me a signal
-through the window.
-Why?
So I know that you
made it upstairs safely.
Just shine your flashlight
out the window.
-Oh.
-All right? Yeah, okay.
Bye. Good luck.
And if anything happens
downstairs, let me know.
How will I do that?
Honk the horn.
We're having quite an adventure,
aren't we?
Yes. We're like
Bonnie and Clyde.
[laughing]
-But with cookies.
-Yes. [laughs]
♪
[wind howling]
[thunder crashing]
[floor creaking]
You're awake.
I'm sorry to startle you.
I'm not sure
if you'll remember me.
I'm Dr. Fillcot.
Your vet.
What?
♪
I know you're...
in a great deal of pain.
And I'm here to relieve you
of your suffering.
[groaning]
Perhaps we'll start
with a sedative.
[thunder rumbling]
[wind gusting]
[wind howling]
[brakes squeak]
Boy. How about that wind?
I think a storm is coming.
My hair is frightful.
Make yourself at home.
I'll only be a moment.
Did you hear something?
[thunder crashes]
[thunder rumbling]
You said,
"Make yourself at home."
Scooter, really.
I'm old enough
to be your mother.
You're never too old
to have fun.
Why do you want
to have fun with me?
Let's face it.
I'm not a great beauty.
I'm lonely, okay?
You seem like
you're lonely, too.
Yes.
I am lonely.
And rich.
If having money means
you can't trust anyone,
that you can't accept love
when offered...
then what good is it?
[groaning]
There's no need
to be frightened.
It'll all be over so soon.
I want your last moments
to be serene.
-[groans]
-And beautiful.
-[thunder crashes]
-[gasping]
Oh. Did the lightning
startle you?
I'm so sorry.
[grunts]
[groans]
CATHERINE:
So, you really like me?
SCOOTER:
Of course I do.
You're the nicest person
I've met in this town.
CATHERINE:
I'm not that nice.
SCOOTER:
Come on.
You're a doll.
You treat me like I'm somebody,
and the sweet way
you take care of your dad.
CATHERINE:
Oh, I hate my papa.
Even more since I met you.
You make me remember
everything he took from me.
When I still
had something to offer.
I know what it feels like
to think you've missed the boat.
That it's too late
to get what you want.
Maybe it is.
Or maybe it isn't.
[panting]
♪
[thunder crashing]
[breathing heavily]
Bertram.
Alma, what are you doing?
There are two people downstairs.
I don't know who they are.
Why didn't you honk the horn?
I did.
You must just not have heard it.
[gasps] Oh. Is it done?
Yes, his suffering has ended.
Which is more than
can be said for mine.
That old man grabbed me.
Will you stop complaining.
We need to get out of here.
Come on.
[clears throat]
There were two people talking
in the living room earlier.
A man and a woman.
[moaning]
Well, they're not talking now.
[thunder rumbling]
Are they there?
Shh.
Maybe the wind
will distract them.
They don't need any more
distracting. Come on.
["Non, Je Ne Regrette Rien"
by Edith Piaf playing]
♪
["Non, Je Ne Regrette Rien"
continues, lyrics in French]
-[Alma panting]
-[Bertram groans]
♪
[both laughing]
[birds cawing]
[door opens]
Rise and shine, Papa.
The clouds are gone.
It's a glorious day, Papa.
Papa?
Papa!
[gasps]
[knock on door]
We have to talk.
Yeah. Yeah, I'd like to talk.
I'm ashamed
of how I left things.
Now, just forget about it.
No, I have to explain.
The truth is, I...
I'm in so much trouble.
And lately it's felt like
you're my best friend
in the world.
So, I'm back.
Because I trust you
to give me good advice.
See, the...
The thing
I couldn't tell you was...
You're pregnant.
How?
I am a detective.
Oh, Vern.
What am I gonna do?
Here's a thought.
Marry me.
What?
Look, if you're just trying
to be a good guy here...
No. That's not what this is.
But you'd be raising
another man's baby.
With the woman I love.
[gasps]
Oh, Vern.
Are you absolutely sure?
Oh, yeah.
I've given it a lot of thought.
In fact...
I bought this for you
last night.
I hope it's okay.
[gasps]
Sorry for being so blunt.
I probably should have had
a fancy speech prepared.
But...
But if you'll have me...
[crying]
I guess that's a yes, huh?
Oh. That's more than a yes.
That's a "you betcha."
[both laughing]
[snoring]
[snoring continues]
[brakes squeak]
[phone ringing]
Hello.
Yes, hello.
My name is Mary Booth.
I live in your neighborhood.
I drove by your home
and saw the ambulance.
I was concerned.
Did something happen
to Mr. Castillo?
Yes.
My father died last night.
Oh, no.
Well, um...
This is just awful of me to ask,
but do you know how he died?
What do you mean?
Well, I was in a café last week,
and I overheard his wife Rita
saying the most awful things
about him
and the money
that she expected to inherit.
Uh, "Any day now"
was the phrase that she used.
When you said that he'd died,
the hairs on the back of my neck
just stood up.
I...
Maybe it's wrong of me,
but I felt that I had
to say something.
No.
It's a good thing you called.
[takes deep breath]
♪